 revisit context/project_information.txt and refresh your memory. then, i want ti implement impersonation. i have dealer users usging the guard "dealer" from the table dealer_users. if i imporsonate i
  will be impersonating from the backoffice so make sure that it is as if i log in as a dealer_user user and make sure permissions and ux is refreshed. i also want some indicator in the session that i am
  inpersonating because if i stop the impersonation it most do what you need to do to log me back in as a backoffice user. it must be a complete implementation without issues. for this impersonation i do
  not want to a login screen and i do not want to manually log out, the plip between impersonation more must be seamless. now, in the navigation menu of the lauout file, if i am logged in and my session
  guard is "backoffice" add a navigation menu item in the "my account" menu below sign out. if i click on it then there must be a quasar model with a text input. this input field in the modal will be the
  email address of the person that i want to impersonale. still do a check to see if the user is_active and if the is_active of the dealer of the user is also true, otherwise give a visual popup that the
  person i am trying to impersonate is inactive, or the dealer of that user is inactive.. however, if the laravel environment is "local" and only then - then pre-populate the text input field with the
  email address of the first dealer_user where is_active is true, and also where is_active of the dealer of THAT user is true. also ensure to implement a gate policy as descibed in the context and the
  name of the permission is "impersonateUser" - and this is only available in the guard_name of backoffice. so, when i have impersonated, again have a menu link item in the my account menu below sign out,
  to say "Stop Impersonation". once clicked, i must be back in my full backoffice guard session and the ux must reload / be that of the backoffice based on the permissions. ask if you have questions.
